Blogging so to see another example we can create more templates for example.
Another one for the ISO image if you remember we did this example into Preview.
This is the content of Isel smashed by windows or linux next.
Then we chose locale of course.
We don't charge people just this one.
You can chose repletion next.
Then we use the SHIT IT'S NEXT AND FINISH.
And Harry we see another content deliberately created.
You see people as the password know it's set out to puzzle what the hair is not very well because this
one is not bullshit.
This one is published and it is not protected by a password.
So we click on any one of those templates is the same.
Then of course if you want to import a complete inside this world we can upload it.
So no we have absolutely MUST how template and other fine.
So the other file used to upload the ISO image and any file that you want.
One example some text some pictures or anything that you want.
So let's try an example for example like that.
The same if we have the and or in the lock and we click on the browser then we go right there in the
head you see we have a mouse available of course chose some costume file to use the writer costume if
I can use it in the quantum leap.
Then we can pick up any ISO image that we want.
For example is x.
I am the center server or Windows Server to its ultimate World Order Windows Server 2000 16.
So for example we're going to make an example I said but you should know that this Windows Server 2000
16 and disks don't we.
It's not our real or imagined I'd just create our own image with our file text sized like you see here
is 60 kilobyte.
This is content only took him on file.
So do the size of his image is not as you think.
It's only about less than 1 megabytes.
I did that's true of the time we need to upload this want to get a example so we chose any.
In it of course in real environments you would upload do real Isel image of the operating system.
So here we tools for example this one click open.
Then when you see if you remember when you have an image of our Windows Server You see that's denay
exist like for example x w the x 6 5 et cetera.
You see some specific name like that's the name of the ISO image.
So let's cancel this one and try again.
Browser when we chose for on this one.
You see the denay become like about V.M. where VM 8 on 6 5 it's set up to meet in different environments.
You will not know this is what it is about what is about to do Windows 7 or windows or Windows Server
et cetera.
So for that VM What leads you to customize the name of the.
That's me.
You give me a name that's you can know this is what is about work.
For example this one the eat em all.
I know that this one is about the central server.
So I come right here and click the center server Isel he manage or just the center server 6.5 like.
Then I give it some not because this is the center server with the last update of what was on 2000 11
or anything.
Then you customize the name then you click OK the upload process will start.
But as we tell you this I have about three bytes of size.
I want lights until you upload order 3.
It will take a lot of time.
So for that I chose for example this one like that.
Then we give it a name for example those
sort of 2012 or two like that then this is the Windows Server 2012.
That set.
Then I click OK and upload will start quickly.
Of course it will take a little time because this is a numbers fight it it's the story it's constantly
Berardi.
No it's not because it's still applaud the fight when the fight will be really change.
Yes that is it.
It's changing.
Yes.
Start it.
Look Ali.
That's I mean discontent exist locally when you connect to a Super Bowl plate and you opened other fire
and I hate it you will see all the fine or Ald. exist in do external constantly Berardi.
Then if you chose to download I'll do fine in the content library to the local store you will see them
downloading one by one.
And this started with Chandru trips.
But if you choose to only don't hold the file when you need it when you connect to that external constantly
but you will see that content locally are created by no mean old Isel image from that external content
library.
Still not stored in locally when you click or use any of those eyes imagine the external content library.
Every time when you use one of them for example you use the Windows server do VM where it will download.
That is what imagine you look on and use it.
Then when you're back right to seek I'll do one that you use it changes from no to yes and so on and
so on then decide the last modification and last synchronisation because this one exists in the lock.
So it is not Sankaran easy.
So the same for example Windows 2016 like that.
So we changed the name Windows Server 2016.
We click OK it will download this one right.
So how is it.
That's the content liberally.
So next we'll see more about these.